Improve cmdline tool docs (#1164)
AcademySoftwareFoundation/OpenColorIO: docs/guides/using_ocio/tool_overview.rst

ociodisplay
***********

> A toy image viewer demonstrating the OCIO C++ API. 

Reviewer: Suggest changing `toy` to `example` or `simple` for clarity.

Author: Agreed. "Toy" is pretty colloquial.
I wanted to make explicit that `ociodisplay` isn't (currently?) intended as full-fledged demo of all of OCIO's viewing related features (for instance, presently, it's not a reference for implementing UIs for dynamic transforms); and I'm not sure whether there are plans to update `ociodisplay` further.

If `ociodisplay` intends to serve as reference of developers, I feel like it deserves separate developer-oriented documentation (see #447), and possibly an "* ^kitchen-sink" reference config, to help DCC devs better understand how to support OCIO in practice.

Uses OpenImageIO to load images, and displays them using OCIO and 
typical viewer controls (scene-linear exposure control and a
post-display gamma control).

> May be useful to users to quickly check colorspace configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
May be useful to users to quickly check a color space configuration.
```

transformation on your hardware.  Please use the --help argument for a 
description of the options.

The metric used for assessing performance is the time taken to apply a 
transform to an image with respect to each pixel, to each line, or to the 

> entire image plane (or all three). By default, each test is taken ten times. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
entire image plane (or all three). By default, each test is run ten times. 
```
